add tls  examples (#108)
streamnative/examples: tls/cpp/README.md

# Overview

> Produce message to and consume message from a Pulsar cluster using [Apache pulsar-cpp-client](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/pulsar-client-cpp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to produce messages to and consume messages from a Pulsar cluster using [Apache pulsar-cpp-client](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/tree/master/pulsar-client-cpp).
```

# Prerequisites

- CPP Client: 2.6.1+

## Linux

Since 2.1.0 release, Pulsar ships pre-built RPM and Debian packages. You can download and install those packages directly.

For more information, refer to [here](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/en/client-libraries-cpp/#supported-platforms).

## MacOS

Pulsar releases are available in the Homebrew core repository. You can install the C++ client library with the following command. The package is installed with the library and headers.

```shell script
$ brew install libpulsar
```

# Example

**Note**

> > This example shows how to connect to a Pulsar cluster through the OAuth2 authentication plugin. To connect to a Pulsar cluster through the token  authentication plugin, see the implementation of [ConnectByToken.cc](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-examples/blob/master/cloud/cpp/ConnectByToken.cc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This example shows how to connect to a Pulsar cluster through the OAuth2 authentication plugin. To connect to a Pulsar cluster through the token authentication plugin, see the implementation of [ConnectByToken.cc](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsar-examples/blob/master/cloud/cpp/ConnectByToken.cc).
```
